# yaml_cleaner
 
1 - sub_param.py

This script groups all parameters, GET (RETRIEVAL Operations), POST (CREATION Operations), DELETE (DELETION Operations) and PUT (MODIFICATION Operations).

1 - Select the source file (ex: topology2.yaml) through the window box.

2- A file will be generated in the same directory as the source file with the name: filename.changed (ex: topology2.yaml.changed).




2 - remove_put_post_delete.py

This script uses the SED command to remove the PUT, POST and DELETE parameters.

1 - Select the source file (ex: topology2.yaml.changed) through the window box.

2- A file will be generated in the same directory as the source file with the name: filename.onlyget (ex: topology2.yaml.changed_onlyget).




3 - remove_erros.py

This script uses the SED command to removes errors generated by the YAML file in the swagger editor. 

1 - Copy the errors generated in swagger to a text file (ex: error.txt). 

2 - Run the script, the first window will ask for the source file (ex: topology2.yaml.changed_onlyget) and then the error file (ex: error.txt).

3 - A file will be generated in the same directory as the source file with the name: filename_no_error (ex: topology2.yaml.changed_onlyget_no_error).





4 - muda_description_get.py

This script searches the YAML file and finds all parameters (eg get) to change the description by asking in a text window.

1 - Select the source file (ex: topology2.yaml.changed_onlyget_no_error) through the window that appears.

2 - All parameters found will be shown according to the figure below, with parameter path and summary. Replace all necessary parameters.

3- A file will be generated in the same directory as the source file with the name: filename. changed_get (ex: topology2.yaml.changed_onlyget_no_error.changed_get).


Open the readme.docx(https://github.com/pauloaoki/yaml_cleaner/blob/master/readme.docx) to view the images.
